This is the Gospel of Matthew podcast from Pretty Dub Bay Methodist Church.
Today,
February 10th
And our passage is Matthew 12.
38 through 50.
I'm Levi Gardner.
Thank you for joining us.
Jesus opens with the illusion
To the story of Jonah,
And how it foretells.
His time in the tomb.
And he asserts that this sign has been given that there would be no confusion when he.
It performs.
Or reveals before them the miracle of his resurrection.
That he lets them know.
That there is a hardness of heart.
That he discerns among the scribes and the Pharisees.
The signs have been given to them before. Jesus is born into the world and the signs are being given in their midst, yet they refuse to see the truth of what God
of what God is pointing to.
Jesus then begins to share about
An unclean spirit
And this is a reminder that
If there are places of emptiness in our life, evil will seek to take a foothold.
And this is why we are called to immerse ourselves and to fill every space of our life with Jesus.
For if Jesus occupies the home, there is no space for the Spirit to return.
How are we opening the inner places of our heart and our soul for Jesus to dwell?
How are we allowing Jesus to dwell in our parenting?
In our marriage
In our work.
And our friendships
May we not seed any ground.
To the enemy.
But firmly supplant
And renew
And ground all things,
And the presence and the love and the spirit of Jesus.
Family, it's something that Jesus
Has questions about during his ministry.
And Jesus answers with wisdom.
For he recognizes he is speaking across all ages and all time.
The words Jesus offers about family gives hope.
He leaves no one out.
He says, look, your mother and your brothers are standing outside wanting to speak to you.
He replied to the one who was speaking to him, Who is my mother and who are my brothers?
Stretching out his hand toward his disciples, he said, Here are my mother and my brothers.
For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister.
And mother.
Jesus,
And his foreknowledge.
And then the knowledge of the life that he was living saw broken homes,
Husbands leaving families, wives abandoning.
their children,
The brokenness of human relationship on display before him.
And Jesus is having us to see that God gives a family to all.
Regardless of the sustainability,
Or the safety or the predictability or the security of their earthly family.
That in Christ we are
adopted into God's family.
As sons and daughters.
In the family of our one true and eternal father.
This is a word of hope.
That when we do the will of Christ,
He calls us son.
Or daughter.
And he points to his father as your father.
As my father.
This is
The promise of Christ.
If your family is far
From stable,
If you've yearned
To have a family.
Hear the promise of Christ.
In him.
is the family that God is establishing.
That will never fade.
That will never fail.
That will always be there.
And it is
led by our perfect and Heavenly Father.
They will always be loving to you
Who will always have your best interest in mind.
And who gives you his wisdom and the Holy Spirit that you might lead the life that he desires for you to live.
This chapter is full of
Of promises
Full of warnings.
Full of Christ pointing us once again to who he is.
Who his father is, and how we are to find our place in his family.
And then the power of what Jesus promises in his life and his death.
And there's resurrection.
Our producer for today's podcast is Kenny Stewart.
I'm Levi Gardner.